Add 'cannot run on windows' to FPGA tools tutorials (#1)
alisanikiforova/oneAPI-samples: DirectProgramming/DPC++FPGA/Tutorials/Tools/dynamic_profiler/CMakeLists.txt

if(UNIX)
    # Direct CMake to use dpcpp rather than the default C++ compiler/linker
    set(CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER dpcpp)
    cmake_minimum_required (VERSION 3.4)

    project(DynamicProfiler CXX)

    set(CMAKE_ARCHIVE_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY ${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR})
    set(CMAKE_LIBRARY_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY ${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR})
    set(CMAKE_RUNTIME_OUTPUT_DIRECTORY ${CMAKE_BINARY_DIR})

    add_subdirectory (src)
else() # Windows
    # This code sample does not currently support windows

>     message(STATUS "This code sample is cannot be configured to run on Windows!\

Reviewer: Please make this a FATAL_ERROR instead of STATUS message (so CMake will fail).
Typo in the message.
Add 'error' to the message (mostly for our own regtests)
```suggestion
    message(FATAL_ERROR "Error: This code sample cannot be configured to run on Windows!\
```
